[DOC-479] Voyager 1.8.1 updates (#23983)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-voyager/release-notes.md

What follows are the release notes for the YugabyteDB Voyager v1 release series. Content will be added as new notable features and changes are available in the patch releases of the YugabyteDB v1 series.

## v1.8.1 - September 17, 2024

### Enhancements

- The installation methods (including RHEL, Ubuntu, Brew, and the installer script) now install PostgreSQL 16 instead of PostgreSQL 14.

> - Added support in [analyze schema](../reference/schema-migration/analyze-schema/) and [assess-migration](../reference/assess-migration/) to report issues in indexes on columns with complex data types, such as INET, CITEXT, JSONB, TSVECTOR, TSQUERY, and ARRAYs. In assess-migration, these data types are categorized under the common unsupported feature "Index on complex data types".

Reviewer: common unsupported feature? not sure what this means

Reviewer: OK I figured it out it is this https://docs.yugabyte.com/preview/yugabyte-voyager/known-issues/postgresql/#indexes-on-some-complex-data-types-are-not-supported
Looks like it is a PostgreSQL, not General, unsupported feature. Maybe link it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support in [analyze schema](../reference/schema-migration/analyze-schema/) and [assess-migration](../reference/assess-migration/) to report issues with indexes on columns with complex data types, such as INET, CITEXT, JSONB, TSVECTOR, TSQUERY, and ARRAYs. assess-migration categorizes these issues under the [Index on complex data types](../known-issues/postgresql/#indexes-on-some-complex-data-types-are-not-supported) PostgreSQL unsupported feature.
```

- Both [analyze schema](../reference/schema-migration/analyze-schema/) and [assess-migration](../reference/assess-migration/) now detect and report UNLOGGED tables, which are unsupported in YugabyteDB.

> - Renamed report file names - "assessmentReport" to "migration_assessment_report", and "bulkAssessmentReport" to "bulk_assessment_report" .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed assessment report file names from "assessmentReport" to "migration_assessment_report", and "bulkAssessmentReport" to "bulk_assessment_report" .
```

- Improved UI output of [assess-migration](../reference/assess-migration/) by removing the progress bar from ora2pg when fetching the assessment report.

### Bug Fixes

- Fixed an issue in streaming phase of [import data](../reference/data-migration/import-data/) where conflicts between events that could cause unique constraint errors were not being detected properly.
- Fixed an issue in [analyze schema](../reference/schema-migration/analyze-schema/) where multi-column GIN indexes were incorrectly reported as an issue due to a regex misidentifying expression indexes that combine two columns.

> - Fixed an issue in [analyze schema](../reference/schema-migration/analyze-schema/) where table or column names containing the keyword "cluster" were incorrectly reported as issues of the type, `ALTER TABLE CLUSTER ON`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in [analyze schema](../reference/schema-migration/analyze-schema/) where table or column names containing the keyword "cluster" were incorrectly reported as issues of the type `ALTER TABLE CLUSTER ON`.
```
